Pd 83 scale 22.12 update i scsi article content with bluefin changes (#1720)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Shares/iSCSI/IncreaseISCSIStorage.md

> TrueNAS lets users expand Zvol and file-based LUNs to increase the available storage that the iSCSI shares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TrueNAS lets users expand Zvol and file-based LUNs to increase the available storage in an iSCSI share.
```

### Zvol LUNs
To expand a Zvol LUN, go to **Datasets** and click the Zvol LUN name. The **Zvol Details** widget displays. Click the **Edit** button.

![DatasetZvolListingSCALE](/images/SCALE/22.12/DatasetZvolListingSCALE.png "Edit the Zvol LUN")

> Enter a new size in **Size for this zvol**, then click **SAVE**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter a new size in **Size for this zvol**, then click **Save**.
```

### File LUNs
You need to know the path to the file to expand a file-based LUN. Go to **Shares** and click **Configure** in the **Block (iSCSI) Shares Targets** window, then select the **Extents** tab. 

![FileLUNsEditExtent](/images/SCALE/22.12/FileLUNsEditExtent.png "File LUNS Edit Extent") 

Click the <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Options">more_vert</i> next to the file-based LUN and select **Edit**. 

![FileLUNsEditExtent2](/images/SCALE/22.12/FileLUNsEditExtent2.png "Copy the Path to the File")

> Highlight and copy the path to the extent, then click **Cancel**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Highlight and copy the path to the extent, then close the **Edit Extent** window.
```
